this is just ended up being amazing
coming across people that are investing
in the areas that I find utterly
Fascinating People that I might be able
to help people that might be able to
help me having events like this where
people from all over the world descend
in one place to talk about moving things
forward to meet to make connections to
make what I hope will become lasting
relationships that's how it gets done
like really the amount of things that
you can get done as a part of a group so
dwarf the amount of things that you can
get done by yourself so get out there
find the people whether it's on Facebook
social media Instagram whatever it
doesn't matter they are out there find
them go to events meet them we live in a
time we're connecting with other people
has never ever ever been easier so take
advantage my friends meet those people
tell them what you're up to don't be
afraid to throw it out into the universe
don't be afraid to tell people what it
is you're trying to accomplish because
if you do that you will be shocked how
many people come to your
Aid